TW-111 Updates - Server upgrade sequence (#1762)
temporalio/documentation: docs/cluster-deployment-guide.md

> First check to see if an upgrade to the database schema is required for the version you wish to upgrade to.

Reviewer: The info box above ("If you are using a version that is older than 1.0.0...") doesn't render with enough of a standoff/gap from this paragraph. In the rendered version it looks like this paragraph ("First check...") only applies to older than 1.0.0, which is confusing.

Maybe we should just remove the info box? There can't be anyone still using < 1.0.0, right?

> First check to see if an upgrade to the database schema is required for the version you wish to upgrade to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, check to see if an upgrade to the database schema is required for the version you wish to upgrade to.
```

If a database schema upgrade is required, it will be called out directly in the [release notes](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/releases).
Some releases require changes to the schema, and some do not.

> We ensure that any consecutive versions are compatible in terms of database schema upgrades, features, and system behavior, however there is no guarantee that there is compatibility between _any_ two non-consecutive versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ensure that consecutive minor versions (e.g. 1.7.0 and 1.8.0) are compatible in terms of database schema upgrades, features, and system behavior, however, there is no guarantee that there is compatibility between non-consecutive versions.
```

> When upgrading your Temporal Server version, ensure that you upgrade sequentially. For example, when upgrading from v1.n.x, always upgrade to v1.n+1.x (or the next available version) and so on until you get to the required version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading your Temporal Server version, ensure that you upgrade sequentially by minor version. For example, when upgrading from v1.(n).x, always upgrade to v1.(n+1).y (the latest patch version for the next minor version) and so on until you get to the required version.
```

> The Temporal Server upgrade updates or rewrites the old version data with the format introduced in the newer version. Since Temporal Server guarantees code backward compatibility between two consecutive minor versions, and because older versions of the code are eventually removed from the code base, skipping versions when upgrading may cause older formats to become unrecognizable. If the old format of the data can't be read to be rewritten to the new format, the upgrades will fail.

Reviewer: suggest clearly referring to "persisted data" and less about code
```suggestion
The Temporal Server may update or rewrite persisted data with a format introduced in a newer version. Since Temporal Server guarantees backward compatibility between two consecutive minor versions, and because code to handle older versions of persisted data is eventually removed, skipping versions when upgrading may cause persisted data in an older format to become unrecognizable. In that case the server may fail to run or behave incorrectly.
```

Check the [Temporal Server releases](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/releases) and follow these releases in order. You can skip patch versions, and use the latest patch of a minor version when upgrading.

> Also be aware, that each upgrade requires the History Service to load all Shards and update the Shard metadata, so allow ~10 minutes on each version for these processes to complete before upgrading to the next version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, be aware that each upgrade requires the History Service to load all Shards and update the Shard metadata, so allow ~10 minutes on each version for these processes to complete before upgrading to the next version.
```

Some releases require changes to the schema, and some do not.
We ensure that any consecutive versions are compatible in terms of database schema upgrades, features, and system behavior, however there is no guarantee that there is compatibility between _any_ 2 non-consecutive versions.

When upgrading your Temporal Server version, ensure that you upgrade sequentially. For example, when upgrading from v1.n.x, always upgrade to v1.n+1.x (or the next available version) and so on until you get to the required version.

> Check the [Temporal Server releases](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/releases) and follow these releases in order (you can skip patch versions).

Reviewer 2: Shall we mention that no need to go through all patch version, and we recommend to use latest patch of the minor version.

Reviewer 2: It would also be great to briefly mention why we require the server to be upgrade through all minor versions. 
The major reason is server only guarantee code backward compatibility between 2 consecutive minor versions. Keep all old code around forever is not practical. For example, shard metadata handling code would need to handle both old shard data and double write to support new format. That old code will eventually be removed from code base so skip version might cause the old format become unrecognizable.

> Also note, that each upgrade requires the History Service to load all Shards and update the Shard metadata, so allow a few minutes on each version for these processes to complete before upgrading to the next version.

Reviewer 2: change a few minutes to 10 minutes.
